[GSSI] Rewrite section on Conda-based managers (#566)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/compute/portal/ondemand/vscode-server.rst

        use the same Conda environment).
        Go to 'Extensions', and click the settings wheel next to the R extension.
        Select 'Extension Settings' and search for the 'R > RTerm: Linux' setting.

>         Paste the path to your Conda env there (``/data/leuven/xxx/xxxxx/conda_envs/<env_name>/lib/R``)

Reviewer: Make this site agnostic
```suggestion
        Paste the path to your Conda env there (usually it will look like ``/data/<vsc_institute>/xxx/vscxxxxx/conda_envs/<env_name>/lib/R``)
```
